hello everyone and welcome to the
padreon my name is james i'm nick and
happy wednesday
uh
why are you laughing this is our
two-week failure of getting things out
on tuesday
yeah this is supposed to go out on
tuesday but maybe wednesday's a better
day i don't know yeah
we we have spent the last three days
shooting shooting this is probably your
most intensive shoot that we've done
yeah it's like it's not the longest
video because that one is the camp video
yeah but that was just sitting in front
of us a backdrop that one was designed
to be two videos this one was designed
always from the beginning just to be one
yeah and this is long yeah um we have
[ __ ] to say
there's a lot to talk about um we talk
about a lot in the upcoming video it was
supposed to just be a short video about
stranger things
and has turned into a very long
dissertation about nostalgia and media
and culture the dangers of nostalgia in
culture and why it's needed and how it
can be used against you and yeah all
sorts of stuff so that'll be out this
weekend so look forward to that um you
guys patreon friday for patrons right
hopefully hopefully yeah
i'm saying that without a finished vid
without a completely edited video so i'm
like hopefully you ended up pretty fast
though edit pretty fast though i do once
i actually get into the groove i've been
focused mostly on the effects so far
because it's a very it's a very effect
heavy video um
but the effects work look great so
um
so yeah if you guys follow me on
twitter twitter uh you would have seen
earlier this week late last week um
i put out a tweet which subsequently got
deleted
um saying that nick is moving away
um
nick is not moving away well nick
technically is we both are
um
we won't get into the details of the
whole discussion and everything um
but we're going to move to toronto
uh
at
in the near future yeah uh my current
aim is november
um but
if november doesn't work out it will be
the spring because we don't want to move
in the middle of winter uh we actually
moved to halifax in the middle of the
winter do you remember that beginning of
january it was like after new year like
just immediately after new year's yeah
it was within the first next few days
after new year's but like we were
traveling new year's eve driving from
ontario to halifax yeah um and that was
not a good time
no no
that was that was a bad time
yeah
um so i don't want to i don't want to go
through that again
um
so we'll be sk if we don't move in
november we'll be moving in like april
yeah but um
absolutely we'll be moving to the
toronto area
um for multiple reasons you know just
we've been in halifax for a long time
and halifax isn't exactly giving us
anything i've talked before about how
halifax pride likes to pretend we
actively pretend we don't exist as per a
member of the halifax pride board making
and making media that well yeah yeah
like
and just what bothers me is that we i i
worked for this pride organization yeah
and they complain about not having very
much like
halifax local headlines yeah and they
complain about anytime they do have like
a local halifax artist they get crickets
yeah and it's like okay you have a
halifax-based nova scotia-born creator
making content that is internationally
renowned or known of like you are you oh
we're so fancy you have been cited in
papers before which honestly like if you
are cited as for like university papers
i'd like my name on that too but we have
been cited and you have been cited okay
good okay yeah um
it's only one or two university papers
we have an international following and
halifax pride doesn't really want to
tango with us yeah because we're not
nice to the banks
we haven't even really said anything
nasty about the banks
we talk about wait until we actually
make our pride videos we talk about
capitalism and corporations in general
but you know like you know corporations
love having the license of saying we're
one of the good ones yeah so you know
like td feel free and we're having for
i know there's quite a few patrons who
are also um supporters of telos uh we're
having a [ __ ] of a time getting actors
here yeah and
like i have the script for final girl
finished and there's like eight speaking
roles in the movie
and i'm like we're not gonna be able to
cast eight people yeah unless we go with
bond at the bottom of the barrel like
kind of get what we can get yeah just
friends of friends who have never acted
before and then it's like well what's
the point of making it it's like here's
quality queer content it sucks but it
exists it's like well that already
exists
well yeah like and that's the thing like
there's no reason in making that kind of
diy queer movie if that's what's being
done yeah and that's not what we
promised you promised stuff that hasn't
been done before exactly we promised
quality
and so
we promised stuff that hasn't been done
before exactly we promised quality
well i mean
i've watched gay movies
gay tv is doing good but gay movies are
oh yeah yeah
um
but yeah so bro is coming out soon
what is excited for bros
i don't think i count that among when i
say gay movies i mean like
they're practically gay movies made by
asylum like they're
not they're not good
um
but yeah so we're gonna
make the move sooner rather than later
because we want to obviously keep our
promise to
everyone who signed up for the indiegogo
and just like on a psychological level
we need to change
yeah like we we need to change we've
both kind of worn out our appreciation
for halifax
my relations are drying up and like and
like
i love the apartment we're in but at the
same time
i will love living alone because that's
the plan yeah moving and we're not
moving into a new place we're not going
to be roommates we're going to have our
own places
we're going to i'm going to be getting a
two-bedroom so that we can have a
production facility
um
where we can also you know record the
podcast and we'll have the soundproofing
done and all of that stuff um yes i hope
that having that distance will improve
our working relationship too so it's not
a matter of just um
you know kind of doing things any time
of day whatsoever barging into rooms and
being like hey do you want to do this
work thing now the minute you show up
late to the office the minute
no we can like make these appointments
you'll be the ones showing up while i'm
asleep
we can make these appointments um like
ahead of time and actually meet up um
like while the sun is still out
imagine
filming while the sun is still up is
gonna be interesting
probably not going to happen honestly
luckily most of like filming videos yeah
yeah probably like but that's what i
mean like that's a one once a month
thing like we get those we get we meet
up for that like it's a video process
like it's yeah it's not and i said to
james like it's not that much different
than what we've already been doing it's
just that instead of living a few feet
from each other we'll be living like i
don't know a few miles or i'd walk away
from each other like i don't know yeah
um
because like i've been looking at the
prices and stuff and honestly
they're not that much more expensive
than we're paying now the apartments are
smaller
um
but they're not that much more expensive
than we're paying now and they're in a
city where
um
actors exist yeah and yeah it's not
vancouver it does get cold
but vancouver's way more expensive and i
would not i i don't want i yeah like
we've been kind of humming and hawing
about a lot about either toronto
vancouver or montreal
and montreal done [ __ ] the best we were
leaning heavily towards montreal to the
point of like yeah this could work until
we learned about recent laws that were
passed in montreal that will make it
impossible
uh for us to be there and for us
especially to make content there yeah um
and vancouver is too far
it's too expensive i wouldn't say look i
don't care how far it is like i would
just
you know
do a road trip get my car drive to
vancouver um
but it's the
expense
because
technically i could afford
an apartment in vancouver definitely not
a two-bedroom yeah technically i could
afford one
but then
there it where
there's nothing there's no money left
yeah and i think that that's a bad move
to do if we do that with the expectation
of growing the channel rather than
having already grown the channel to a
point where it's like sustainable yeah
because you guys are awesome um but
every month we do lose a significant
amount of patrons usually in the triple
digits
um most of them don't give me a reason
when they do give me a reason it's not
enough anime content
as i said on other podcasts but we've
got anime content coming attack on titan
is the next video
calm down well yeah it's the next public
video i think it's also just a lot of
like that's kind of passive for patreon
people kind of support and unsupport as
needed i think so um i really think that
rolling out a lot of the new patreon
content we're planning to come out uh
going forward is going to help retain a
lot of people because we're actually
going to be living up to the promise of
like providing something for people
rather than just open a prayer and like
hey thanks for supporting us we're
keeping it we're just going to keep on
keeping on like yeah like with the the
the new stranger things nostalgia video
there's a big section
um
that is only for patrons yeah that only
patrons are gonna get and i wanna keep
doing the podcast uh we're going to keep
doing that uh
we're going to
record audio commentary for almost every
video that you have out
and gonna be releasing that procedurally
and we're just gonna work on uh whatever
other stuff that is listed there that is
escaping my memory right now
yeah
um
there's there's a lot there's a lot um
we're also gonna have the watch along
for the bird cage coming up soon we're
going to put out
um the poll i might actually put a poll
out with this podcast
to
find out when people want that to be
yeah um
so we've got we got plans yeah we got
plans we got shits moving around the
ex-lax is in the system and stuff is
just churning yeah that's so gross that
was really gross this is so great that's
really gross i regret saying that yeah
yes i apologize to everybody listening
that i said that um you can't unsay
these things on the podcast like you can
in the videos yeah well i could but i'm
not going to edit it was it eisen
eisenhoper
eisenharrow you'll you'll see it in the
deleted stuff the the bloopers that i'll
post on patreon it i had such a time
with some of the lines and stuff that
should not have been difficult to say
other things that were like very
intricate sentences i'm just like
oh my god yeah um
that is um president eisenhower we're
referencing yeah or eisenhower or
eisenhower as i was
that was back when republican presidents
actually give a [ __ ] about social causes
consistently going on
um
but yeah so that's kind of the
announcement that we're moving so
if we do move in no we're going what
we're the plan is is to get some movie
get some movies get some videos done so
that we never miss a month yeah even
though if we're moving in november we
won't have to like stop everything to
record a video we might not be able to
like yeah how long things will be packed
and moving
i know that my camera and computers will
be in my car with me start packing like
now because it takes us forever to pack
anyway so like maybe getting out if
we're moving in april yeah that's true
let's
down first
um
but yeah so those are the those are the
plans
um for the upcoming
future of
the channel for telos
all that stuff um
i
think that will
being in toronto will severely
decrease the frustration i'm having in
finding actors because we're we're
finding more actors in new brunswick
i am getting so many actors applying
and none of them are here
yeah none of them are local and i've
only posted on local job boards so i'm
like how are you finding these
like
one person from none of it applied and i
was like how did you find an actor job
in halifax living in none of it how did
that happen
um
but yeah um hopefully i'll be able to at
least get a short film done here yeah
so that you know it's not like ah yeah
you gave me money and now i swear i'm
holding on to it like i feel like
posting screen caps of it of my savings
account with all the
yeah indiegogo money to just be like
it's there
it's growing with 12
a month interest
um
so like
but like regardless like moving is
stressful it's really really stressful i
hate moving i hate moving so much our
plan is to basically get [ __ ] in boxes
and hire movers to bring it down to the
truck with us because
and then get it to ontario and then hire
movers to take it out of the truck
um
the big thing is probably going to be
the lego
that's going to be required
the couch the desks
i mean in terms of just what's going to
be the most time-consuming because what
i want to do with the lego i want to
disassemble as much as possible have it
all in separate little baggies numbered
as per what the instruction booklets
would be so that way they're they're
easy to put back together
[Music]
that's a lot
that is a lot but we have a lot of lego
and you hate putting them together when
they're just piles of bricks
yeah yeah um
another thing that we'll have to figure
out and i don't want to like spend the
podcast being like oh we need to work on
this um i mean what did you want to
spend the podcast on well talking about
moving and stuff but
the process
like the shelves
you can't buy these anymore no you
cannot so do we take these with us or do
we replace them later i think we take
these with us
because one of them one of us is going
to need well like you're probably going
to keep on keep the shelves because i
think you bought most of it
you might have split one or two of them
but um some of them are just yours
the shelves the lego oh yeah yeah yeah
that's what i mean like i mean the
shelves themselves oh
yeah i don't know i can't remember
so like you know we're gonna have to
figure you're probably gonna have those
i'll probably have to buy my own for
lego setups for whatever i have
but uh yeah i hate moving i've i i move
i was lucky enough as a kid to not move
very much i used to think i moved a lot
until i became friends with people who
moved a lot how much is a lot in this
case
i
remember
living in four different houses that's
between being born and going to college
that's pretty light yeah um
i had a [ __ ]
uh my mom never lived in a place still
to this day has not lived in a place for
longer than five years
um
so there were two places that we were in
for a significantly long period of time
and
we lived before i was seven or eight
before i was seven we lived
in like
four or five different places in uh
toronto i was born in toronto actually
and um
so i some of them i don't even remember
um and then when we got to
the small town of perth ontario
um we moved a bunch around there then we
found a permanent spot after that and
then we moved around a permanent i mean
like we lived there for five years then
we moved around a bunch and then we
found another permanent spot and then i
went to university
so i have moved around quite a bit see
for me i know that we moved
several times when i was a baby like
before i was a year old yeah we lived in
like three or four different places
um
because
it was easy to do that because the
people my dad worked for like they had
furnished apartments and stuff furnished
houses so we just kind of bopped around
and then we found a house
that
was as far as my parents were concerned
they were actually rent to owning it so
every month they paid rent and it was
going toward a mortgage
um
but then my dad broke his neck in his
back
when a car fell on him he was a mechanic
uh a car fell on him
and he couldn't work anymore he was
fighting the government for compensation
benefits and everything and so we didn't
have the money to pay the rent so we had
to leave
um
and then we moved into an apartment and
the thing i remember the about the
apartment it was a pretty sizable
apartment but because in this area where
we lived apartment was like was this the
one that was insanely cold all the time
no
um
we were only in this apartment for two
or three years
um
[Music]
and
it was surprisingly large but the
mindset of the area was if you live in
an apartment you're poor it doesn't
matter how big or nice the apartment is
you're poor oh wow um and we were um and
that's why the apartment was affordable
but the thing i remember the bathroom
was about the size of my current bedroom
it was huge
for no reason
um that was very drafty bathroom
not that i remember
but um it was a basement apartment um
with the balcony um yeah it was like a
two foot it went two foot out and then
it was just surrounded by concrete for
about five feet up
um that's weird it was very weird that's
very weird and very creepy because
sometimes people would jump down there
and just look in the
patio doors
very creepy
um and then we moved into another we
moved into a seniors duplex
um because that was the only affordable
place and then through the public
housing system
we got
assigned a house
that we actually lived in for 10 years
and i remodeled the basement of it like
i
we lived there from the time where i was
seven to seventeen
um
[Music]
or might have been eight to eighteen we
were there for ten years um
and
like again for my mom it was like this
is permanent house
um
but then she got injured on the job and
couldn't afford it my her and my dad had
split and so that's when we moved into
the house where the bottom floor was so
cold in the winter that if you made a
pot of boiling soup you had to run
upstairs or else the soup would be cold
before you got because they just didn't
put any insulation there was no
insulation in the bottom of the house
yeah the floor was ice
like just i can't imagine my mother put
the christmas tree upstairs
like that's in in the hallway between
the bedrooms wow
um we never
and then i moved away for um i i always
my mom was single for most of my life
and when she had husbands they were kind
of deadbeats
um
i'm sorry about that impression i'm
sorry about one i'm not sorry about the
other um
i really liked one of them but the other
one was a psychopath is a psychopath
unfortunately yeah um
so like we my mom was never really doing
great financially ever because when she
did get her college diploma then she had
her
uh student loans basically daunting her
constantly and my mom is also the kind
of person who made a lot of decisions in
the name of love and not necessarily
decisions in the name of a bank account
and won't lie on her resume no
she won't everybody lies on the resume
she doesn't even try to make herself
look good on her resume i i got really
frustrated when i was trying to help her
with a resume and she told me what to do
for a resume like how you make a resume
and i was like you asked for my help i'm
like yes but you don't know how to do it
i'm like mom i took a
i literally took a course about this
yeah like a university
level course about how to make a resume
like i early on i always lied on my
resumes because i was like i don't have
the experience i want to get these jobs
my mom struggled for money for a very
long time and we lucked into some really
amazing places we had to endure some
really bad places
luckily mom kept us away from really
really bad places we never really had
bug infections we never really had um
like heating problems like we there was
there was enough
uh my mom
when it came to other bills that was
touch and go but when it came to you
know having a roof and having food that
was my mom's priority and she delivered
oh yeah like my parents it was always
with bills other than rent it was okay
this month we're going to pay the power
bill next month we're going to pay cable
the month after that we're going to pay
the phone bill and then like repeat in
this three month
cycle my grandparents did have to sort
of pick up the slack uh sometimes when
things were specific especially kind of
lean yeah uh but after my mom started
working full-time as a student support
worker then things kind of became a
little bit more stable like there were
times where she had to hold down three
jobs including a part-time job in her
career yeah um and since then the her
job has completely screwed her over
um and she doesn't really and she's
enjoy she enjoyed a workplace injury
has
i don't want to talk about it uh but
yeah like things are rough for her right
now and i want to try and help her get
back on her feet properly but which is
why you want to move back to ontario
yeah which is another reason why i
didn't really want to go to vancouver
even though i do kind of have it in my
heart as like a long-term dream i need
to help my mom right now yeah um i'm
glad you're respecting that um whereas
vancouver for me was this that was the
temporary
california is the goal well yeah but
like
if vancouver was the temporary then what
everywhere is temporary
well no los angeles wouldn't be i know
like if los angeles is the only person
in place then it doesn't really matter
where else you land
as long as there is a through line to
hollywood which you know toronto and
montreal do have that
yeah um toronto in particular yeah um
because like canadians don't think
there's going to be a whole lot of
connection between hollywood montreal
now yeah canadian film industry was
mostly focused around vancouver that's
where all the canadian offices were and
we're all the canadians sort of because
it was just north of california but they
were actually going to build a hollywood
north sign in vancouver to go up in the
mountains but then the federal laws and
turn they changed the tax breaks tax
breaks on a federal level which was
under conservatives
right um and the liberals have not fixed
it yeah and toronto
provinces have been fixing it themselves
the provinces have yeah ontario has a
huge tax break system for filming yeah
and um toronto is kind of where like
there aren't the canadian film studios
are in toront are in vancouver but
hollywood film studios are in toronto
yeah because hollywood that's where
they're they're off because
every time you see a movie that takes
place in a metropolitan area like
chicago or new york through shooting and
trying you will see establishing shots
from toronto and new york like
helicopter shots and stuff but when it
comes to street level stuff that is
toronto yeah in fact um according to my
cousin who works for catering and for
the film industry in toronto the toronto
film industry outgrossed the british
columbia film industry by about 2
billion oh yeah the the vancouver film
industry has really taken a dive after
the loss of the tax breaks yeah um
whereas ontario just said well we can
afford to do our own tax breaks
and that's basically what they did and
because the studios already have offices
in toronto they're like okay well we'll
just rent studios british columbia also
has you know a lot of expenses not as
much no okay no
see like when it comes to british
columbia i would like to vacation there
like going forward uh maybe live there
one day because it is like one of my
favorite places on the planet but like
for now like
toronto is fine toronto will be toronto
will be good yeah not just fine
um i also want to write that book about
the wherewithal right and that's the
right area too yeah is it yeah yeah like
i don't know where young street is
geographically in toronto when i lived
there i lived around the boroughs i
lived in scarborough for a lot of it
um
my cousin lived in brampton i don't
think we ever lived in toronto proper
yeah uh but definitely we kind of lived
around the um the eastern edge of
toronto yeah
but yeah so i hate moving um
[Laughter]
and because i didn't have to move
like
when i was a kid moving you hate moving
did you know
that moving
is the third most stressful event in
someone's life yeah can you guess what
the first two are i think it's the first
death and divorce
death and separation yeah yeah in that
order death separation and then moving
yeah
um and at both times we've moved
together have been terrible
like oh yeah yeah like especially the
first time like our tempers really
clashed
because we were doing it all ourselves
and the second time when we moved to
this location
uh we had movers we had movers but we
were losing our minds
so oh yeah because that we were we left
an apartment that was flooding was we
had we had been moved to a different
apartment
that didn't have a dishwasher it was
because the one we had been in was
flooded it had been infested with bed
bugs it had been infested with
cockroaches
which that's one of the reasons i'm
almost i am kind of worried about
leaving here because here there's no
problems
if we can find in the new place um
smaller apartment buildings in fact i
wouldn't even mind like renting out a
duplex for me like you know a small sort
of section of a larger house uh there's
a lot of those i'm not looking at them
because i need my own space i know yeah
but like no like non-interconnected like
separate oh no i know i know yeah yeah
yeah like a lot of people will do that
they'll turn like their basement into
like a fully i could do that myself that
would be okay yeah i i i yeah because
the thing about if you want less bugs in
your apartment building live in one with
less people especially less people per
square inch mm-hmm or per square foot
yeah um most of the apartment buildings
i've been looking at don't have a ton of
units yeah um so because that way like
if one unit does have an infestation
some of them are brand new yeah if one
of them does have an infestation they
can lock it down quickly yeah and it
isn't that much of an expense to move
everyone out while fema getting the
entire thing yeah
um which is what our old department had
to do
yeah they had to move people
completely into different from units to
unions from one building to another
building entirely oh i know they had to
do that too i know some people who did
that oh my god instead of just kind of
saying all right everyone we're going to
put you all in a hotel for one night and
bug bomb the place yeah like they could
have done that well with bed bugs it's a
two-week process it's so it's one
treatment and then you wait two weeks
and then you do the treatment together
it probably would have been cheaper to
still put people in a hotel for two
weeks probably then yes just because
they had to pay for the apartment
hiring the movers to get everyone
everywhere yeah to just move everyone
around like it's anyway uh i hate moving
it's what i'm trying
sorry because when i was a kid most of
the times we moved i didn't move
i went to school
from house a and got picked up from
school and was taken to house b like the
move took place and i was
not a part of it the whole house would
be in shambles but my room would be put
together
that like my that was my mother's focus
like make sure when he gets home the
room is
perfect
uh so my toys would be there like
everything when it came to us moving
like it was an all hands on deck thing
sometimes it was like me myself and my
mom kind of packing for like two weeks
and then we that's how it was when we
moved into the place with no insulation
and that's why like my brain immediately
goes to moving if you're moving you're
moving into a worse place oh no
which luckily when we went from the last
place to this was the opposite and it
was great because we had the money to
hire movers
and it was a very simple process
i like even though we were doing it
during covet it was still like
a super simple process
um
fingers crossed that they moved to the
other side of the country is also a
super simple process
i hope so i hope so um
the difficult thing in my head the
logistics is that we'll be moving to two
different apartments in one truck what
might happen is we can also look who's
going to drive the truck
because like i'll be driving my car so
you're going to drive the truck i can
drive the truck i can also like the
thing about i do have a family so bored
i'm not going to i have family in
ontario so i can just fly them up here
to help
that's true yep um another thing with
logistics is like if you have a place
first and i don't have a place by the
time you're moving um i can just bum it
with my family and we can just drop my
stuff off at my families and then i can
move to toronto
um when that's doable my grandparents
have a whole lot of space in their
basement like yeah hopefully i wouldn't
be there for more than like a week or
two and it's not like a dank basement
it's a like it's a it's half it's
happening half of it is finished the
other half is for
storage my grandparents basement oh you
haven't been on the unfinished part
because it literally is boxes and
shelves
[Music]
but yeah so
the move
i'm dreading
being in toronto i'm not dreading
because
i i was in toronto for a bit like i
toured uh the toronto film school and
all that stuff
and i got to walk around the city for
two days and just loved it toronto is a
very beautiful city like it has it's a
city it has like my entire life i've
wanted to live in a capital city city
yeah somewhere where when you look up
you can't
right away see the top of the building
yeah yeah and toronto toronto has that
very metropolitan feel um but at the
same time it it isn't the size of new
york it's not the size of chicago or l.a
um but it's sister cities are new york
tokyo london like uh because it is
whereas halifax's sister cities are
san francisco
no vancouver's sister city is san
francisco um halifax's is like bangor
but yeah like toronto has a very
urbanized feel even though it isn't
nearly as big as the urbanized cities
that it is kind of compared against yeah
it is several million people
um i actually was surprised to learn
that there are only like
three or four
mega metropolises in america and the
rest are all actually smaller than
toronto like when you get into there's
new york chicago and la i think yeah
like when you get into uh new york
chicago la there might be one it might
be philadelphia i can't remember
it may actually be austin or houston
maybe but yeah like when you get into
like atlanta's and when you get into
sydney's uh not sydney's uh
seattle's yeah um toronto is bigger than
those those places so it is it is
sizably large yeah um so i'm interested
to see how you are going to adapt to
that and how i'm going to re-adapt to
that because i used to live like i said
i used to live in scarborough yeah and
like i was there for a couple of days
and absolutely
adored it and it wasn't even like i was
going out with friends and stuff because
i didn't know anybody yeah it was just
the atmosphere of this city i am so
excited to move i can't tell you i am so
lonely here in halifax there's nothing
against you it's like i i don't exist
everybody when you live with someone
they kind of don't though they're a
fixture they're not they're not like
it's it's not like oh i get to get
excited about socializing with this
person because this person is is
literally in the wall next to me
i think married couples would disagree
with you i think married couples are
psychotic i wouldn't say psychotic i'm
sure many of our patrons are married
but um
like even if your life choices confuse
me even if i was at the point of like
getting married to someone like sure
let's do it because i like jewelry um
i was actually thinking about buying a
ring the other day just out of just like
i want a ring um if in case my future
husband or what's a non-binary spouse
just suppose i don't know uh my future
person uh spouse just say special spokes
i guess uh my future person is listening
i love the idea of wooden engagement
rings wooden wedding bands
wedding bands playing with especially
encrusted with some kind of stone or
something i see you couldn't get them
wet
you can't if they're finished
oh yeah if there's a finish on them and
normally when people get their hands
what they take the rings off anyway
women yeah men never take their wedding
rings off unless they're going out for
so because i i was at a family reunion
and then you see one online and you're
like one of my
grandmother's sister's husband had
former kids one of them was gay and they
and he was getting married to a guy and
his guy made him a handcrafted
wooden ring that was like mahogany wood
with a
um band of crushed up turquoise that he
turned into a paste and kind of put in a
groove around the side of the edge of
the ring wow that's really cute really i
i fell in love with the ring like i was
like wow that is good it's such a sweet
thing for a poor person to do they're
not poor i know i'm just i think they
are not poor
um which like handcrafted wedding rings
that sounds like a fantastic idea like i
if if my future
um british lawyer
husband is um out there
listening
maybe it's a barrister not the one with
wigs like corporate lawyer british
corporate lawyer um is out there i want
a ring made of obsidian
yeah i actually saw a scene that's
assuming that i'm the one being proposed
i saw a picture uh yeah i can't imagine
that happening um i saw a picture of i'm
way too impatient for that either we get
married now or [ __ ] off a solid sapphire
ring with a single gold band on the
middle um it was a solid ring made of
solid sapphire and there's only one gold
band of the middle uh worn by emperor
nero
um so love the romans um
fashion
right
that hasn't really been attempted since
then like why not
because uh we've lost taste yeah i guess
whatever happened to good taste whatever
happened to good taste uh but yeah like
i i'm excited to move to a new city to
get involved with the community like i
want to like get around to like
meeting different groups of people going
to like different i i'm gonna get
involved with the magic of the gathering
group yeah i was gonna say like i'm
excited to get like into like friend
groups and stuff but not gay ones
like i'm i'm looking forward to meeting
more nerds because i don't want to be
friends with gays because all the gays
that i know
are
all the guys that i know in person are
[ __ ] and not [ __ ] and like oh you
[ __ ] like
get away from me honestly i think that
changes a little bit in larger cities
where there's more competition so like
[ __ ] get humbled whereas like in
halifax
you know queen queen the queen bee of
the halifax gay scene like they go
unchallenged even though like they step
into step foot into a bigger city and
they're red for filth like you know
when there's a larger city there's a
bigger a larger chance that people and i
mean toronto has a like
i don't want to say ghetto but a gay
ghetto
uh what queen street i think it is i
thought it was young street or is
youngster the gentrified young street's
the giant street that runs through the
whole city okay um but they have a gay
street church street church street
that's it yeah they shocked where is
folk there um the whole thing or just
sections um
outdoor scenes i loved all of it it was
all shot in toronto
why don't have it take place in toronto
then because it was going to take place
in toronto but then showtime got on
board and so it became an american city
that was shot in canada and half
produced by canadians but i don't
understand this like why am i financed
by canadians don't understand that
canadian culture is very similar to
american culture and like just because
it's across the border doesn't mean it's
invalid i guess well it's because the
canadian government won't
i know i know but why can't an american
company being like i want to set this
thing in canada
yeah they set things in the uk all the
time
yeah like all the time i think i think
it's because they want to travel they
want to travel
and traveling to canada isn't fun well
yeah like i think it seems it's like
going next going next door like canada's
going next door like why go next door
when you can go to another city over
anyway i i i i can write a movie that
takes place in dubai and go on a fancy
plane and
um like sex in the city too um yeah only
movie that the only reason that movie
existed is so that michael patrick king
could have a vacation in dubai
and sarah jessica parker
and they could make kim cattrall look
ridiculous did they make her look
ridiculous oh my god she's like throwing
condoms at men in the middle east and
it's
that's why she didn't want to come back
yeah that's why she it's very justified
for her not wanting to come back for in
just like that
i thought i heard that she was or was
that a rumor
uh her character is going to be
mentioned more
she's in the new queer as folk and her
character is great and i don't see her
going back to sex in the city yeah
especially because like apparently just
like that's a train wreck
it gets
a redeemable train wreck like they could
put it back on the rails if they wanted
to but they they could put it back on
the rails without a whole lot of effort
if they managed to do it is the thing
like that but it takes a little effort
that's the thing
yeah like it's um
they need to try
um
and why try when you can just reboot
that's a t-shirt
that is a t-shirt why try when you can
just reboot write it down want me to
write it down we're gonna we're gonna
have merch someday i've been saying that
for a year now
um
but yeah so i i'm i'm horrified of
moving just because of the logistics
um
at the same time i'm excited to move to
make a change
because
this is the first time
ever
where i can make a move
and the job isn't worrying
yeah whether it's like will the job let
me move will i be able to find a job
it's like nope i pick up and i relocate
and
my camera comes with me my computer
comes with me my job comes with me and
that is very relieving yeah because you
guys all the patrons are
you you come with us yeah you guys
you're my boss and you move with me yeah
so like cause like whereas i'm nick's
boss
um
at this point i literally just say nick
we're gonna make a video about this and
then he tells me what the video video's
actually about
it's like we're gonna do a video about
stranger things okay yes but
the video is actually about like
culture and okay good hustle but i want
to make a video about culture and
nostalgia so
that's gonna be eighty percent of the
video we talk about we mentioned
stranger things a few times yeah it's
like i i ran i run it back to stranger
things in the end yeah kind of i mean
like the whole theme the video is shot
to look like yeah and it's like that's
that's a lie we talk about for like half
of it yeah stranger things occupies half
of it and then we talk about you know
culture and politics and stuff and then
we talk about star wars we round it back
to stranger things and what else do we
talk about we talk about star wars star
wars um it chapter one awesome powers of
music uh my best friend's exercise
exercise
my best friend's circumcision
that would be the mel brooks parody
talk about all yeah austin powers best
friend's exorcism at chapter one uh
sound of music greece and downton abbey
and a few mentions of ready player one
and another piece of media that is
escaping me right now
um
yeah
so for anyone listening
um
yeah it's gonna be a ride
oh right right i i meant to say like um
i go to the upside down yeah yeah like
special effects it's neat
um a degree like i said i'm excited to
get out to socialize and join groups
because i haven't done that here and
it's like okay well nick why haven't you
like here i feel like i've burnt out
halifax like there's only so much in
halifax you can do especially like
because the
is so insulated yeah
the queer scene in general is so
insulated there is a horrible gay
grapevine here if like literally i am
okay so do you remember do you remember
i hadn't been on grindr for like two
years you go on grinder someone asks you
is your [ __ ] gay is your [ __ ]
roommate still around yeah yeah
and like that made me so uncomfortable
yeah um i've been informed that when i
wasn't on grindr that people have been
catfishing with my pictures
um i thought that's an ego boost i guess
so it's still uncomfortable
you told me i think that someone was oh
yeah i was just i was making a noise
we're on microphone
um no i was letting you know that it was
huge told me that um
because like the thing about like if
someone is catfishing with your pictures
they can say things as you well yeah and
then people just assume it's you yeah
and so like you meet them in person it's
like i remember you from grinders like i
i don't
yeah and then yeah like story time i
when i was in business school so this
was 2012.
i was
there was a
uh
uh crackdown in halifax
of it was either ecstasy or mdma
and
a bunch of dealers got busted by the
cops
uh specifically in the gay scene well
yeah um at one point
which i think is mdma i think so
a party driver we are street wise i know
drugs children fellow children
fellow homosexuals like um
but so there was a big bust all of these
dealers got busted
um
somehow i got blamed for it i don't go
to bars i don't do drugs
you were apparently the snitch yeah i
was apparently the one who snitched on
them to the cops which if you know me
you know i don't talk to cops if i don't
have to second of all
i don't go to bars i don't know who does
drugs i don't know where to buy drugs i
don't know who sell drugs if you don't
know what drugs are called well yeah
apparently
like i i wouldn't know
like weed's legal here now but like if
we wasn't legal i wouldn't know where to
buy weed i still have to tell you what
everybody knows where i still have to
tell you what the difference is between
like uh thc and cbd i get it now thc
gets you high cbd makes you also i think
there's an alarm going off in your phone
in your room oh
you can head you can head out i'll hold
the port oh no i just want to finish my
story
um
so
i eventually so
i was
used as the scapegoat
by maybe the person who actually did it
yeah um
because i was never around so nobody
could really you know confront me about
it except they did because grindr
existed and i had a lot of messages
messages for years i still get messages
i get messages to this day
from people saying i can't believe you
got my friend arrested and i'm like i
don't it's like the thanos meme i don't
even know who you are like
it's like
what did i do oh my god it's like i
stayed at home playing skyrim on my
computer and got blamed for a drug bust
like okay i'm gonna go get my alert yeah
like i'm nick down the fort so um
like a big thing about me like i don't
have a whole lot of queer experiences
and so like because i got to halifax
here
um i wasn't in a good place and i didn't
really know how to get myself out into
the community and i didn't really have a
whole lot of people and i didn't know
anybody in the community and james
wasn't you know james had that going on
and james also kind of james matches
energy and when he's around an introvert
he becomes an introvert himself so you
have two introverted people who don't
know how to get out and do stuff and so
like i just kind of spent a very long
time like i become very outgoing when
robin's around yes yes absolutely like
you match energies
um whereas i need a lot of encouragement
to be extroverted and i do like being
extroverted when i'm encouraged
uh if i can convince robin to move back
to toronto um her husband's family is in
ontario i know yeah
um robin is my friend who has been
working with me on movies for years and
years and she's technically
a permanent telos employee she hasn't
been paid yet because none of us are
being paid technically she can't get
paid also
yeah because of a non-competition yeah
thing
so
i just want to clarify that not because
i don't want to pay her i do her job
won't let me because she has a full-time
job right now and they won't let me i
mean like if she stay if she spend if
she comes to a meeting and there just
happens to be some cash in her purse
when she heads home i mean like i mean
that's what i said but she's like really
like above board
but i figured out a way i was like well
i'll hire your husband and pay him and
then you take the money
oh sorry you're drinking water
[Laughter]
so like i i've kind of been watching
life pass me by very quickly and
i get really jealous and resent sorry
i'm taking pills i get such an a
horrible debilitating envy complex when
it comes to
uh media uh that kind of depicts that
kind of gay lifestyle um like i i don't
want to try watching the new queer as
folk or even the old queer spoken until
i've had
time to you know kind of i already did
the queer video you didn't need to watch
it i'm just saying like i would like to
i would like to be able to consume this
media yeah um
yeah heart stopper one is one that i
don't think i ever would have really
particularly enjoyed but it's so cute i
would have liked to be able to watch it
for reference without feeling like i
wanted to throw up young royals young
royals yeah because young royals has a
lot more to say than just like oh the
gays are kissing yeah like i would have
enjoyed young royals i don't think i
would have enjoyed heartstopper just
because that kind of well so cute you
told me i wouldn't like they're not
piney they're just they're they're not
pine either you also told me i wouldn't
like it even if i could watch it
yeah because it's really cute and you
you don't enjoy cute i just get annoyed
by frivolous [ __ ] like that but yeah
it's kind of frivolous
it's kind of frivolous i'm not saying it
shouldn't exist or that you shouldn't
like it british tv show i was saying
with a i want to stop talking about it
um i i'm so important for britain right
now i i'm saying like i could have
watched it and i i just can't i have
such a negative visceral reaction to
this [ __ ] and i i think that when i
start actually getting my life together
and start socializing and building my
own gay legend
uh gay skinny legend um
it's water weight because you've been
stressed and you haven't been eating
properly
and since skinny legend i'm like
traumatized
um and so like having the chance to kind
of build my own kind of gay life um and
kind of figure out that i don't need to
live vicariously through these things
and feel like i missed something because
i haven't lived my life that way and
that me this media isn't telling me how
to live my life but so
well if you went back and watched queer
as folk i don't know if i would
recommend living your life that way i
just haven't i just have a very toxic
complex around this kind of stuff
yeah
and i remember years ago we did try to
watch the first episode of queer as folk
and i think you got about 30 seconds
past the opening credits yeah and you
were like i need to turn this off yeah
because it was showing me a style of gay
life that i did not have access to that
i don't know exists but it does um like
because you saw it was the same kind of
thing in in bros
oh yeah yeah that kind of sort of club
atmosphere like how are you going to
manage watching that you said you want
to watch that because it's about a
aged 30 year old who's never been in a
relationship an aged queer who's never
been in a relationship and is kind of
dealing with that and maybe it'll make
me feel like [ __ ] but i think because
it's an older queer i could identify
with a little bit easier maybe i should
see it by myself first maybe um
marvel's kind of spoiled me for most
movies these days anyway so what do you
mean um i just don't give a [ __ ] about a
lot of stuff that doesn't have like a
look you know like everything everywhere
the batman
yeah like unless it's offering something
new and like just very
stimulating i just like
yeah i get that actually because like
even like and that's the thing it needs
to be stimulating like i will watch tv
like crazy
like stranger things for instance like i
will just binge stranger things like we
rewatched it for this video and i
rewatched all of it
happily
like barely even like looking at my
phone yeah i'm glad i liked it a lot
better than
i was informed that i would like i was
kind of informed by a lot of media that
i it would be the thing that i hated but
it was fantastic yeah like i think a lot
of people kind of
we get into it in the videos i don't
want to get into it here but kind of
like
that it's the netflix version of ready
player one yeah
um that there was just like in this we
used the term nostalgia bait yeah and it
i watched it and i i didn't i started
with season three then two then one then
two and then four yeah um and because
you said start with season three because
you said it was the most nostalgic and
you're absolutely right the only one
that kind of did i
think the only one that really did lean
on nostalgia at all and the rest was
just kind of like making an 80s period
drama with some product placement
because to pay for to pay the bills like
yeah
and so like i was i don't even count it
as product placement because i'm like
this takes place
in a time i mean the eggos thing was
like it seemed very
eggos and coke see i would have been
taken out of it had she gotten like
no-name waffles yeah and that's what we
talked about in the video also yeah uh
and so like that's what i mean like i
don't mind product placement in
any kind of visual media because you got
to pay the bills somehow and if it's
making quality then go right ahead
but like what i was saying with with tv
like i will binge tv shows and re-watch
them and just like because it's all
character and it's so rich in character
because you've got hours and hours and
hours and hours to dive into these
characters with a movie you know you've
got
two to three hours to tell this story so
there's only so much you can do there's
only so much character you can develop
yeah and so
if a movie isn't
wowing me mm-hmm it's hard for me to get
invested because the camera
like um everything everywhere all at
once well because watching that even
though the majority of it just takes
place in an empty office building
i was wowed by it because because in my
brain i'm like i know how much money
this was made for and holy [ __ ]
um
the batman i have watched the behind the
scenes documentary of the batman almost
as many times as the behind the scenes
of lord of the rings at this point yeah
like
it's phenomenal yeah and i really hope
that we're going to get the more of
these movies as counter programming to
what seems to be the spiraling out of
control marvel aesthetic i've said like
thor's been out for a few days now and i
have no interest thank you i was so
afraid you were getting to resent me
because i don't have any interest to see
it either no like i'm like
like i just like i love taika waititi
but i just have no interest in marvel
stuff anymore yeah i'm just i'm worn out
by the repetitive plot lines the stock
the characters are have been their
characters for so long they're basically
stock at this point like i really think
what marvel should have done after end
game was take two years off yeah did you
did you hear that they um green led a
sequel to eternals
did they yep
that's what i read anyway i don't know
if it's a rumor or not
that would
be kind of bonkers
um i mean it's a flex if he is
oh yeah absolutely i mean that means it
might come out in seven years with how
things are being scheduled with marvel
right now but
um but yeah like so like moving i hope
is going to
really get moving give me the chance to
sort of kick myself into gear and get a
social life and become like and get
involved in the community like i want to
be part of a community i want to be part
of something
um and i'm just i can't do that here
because like when it comes to halifax
it's too insular it's very insulated
everybody knows everybody
and there is a point where you just kind
of
there's nothing new to there's no one
new to know you meet this person who has
who's friends with these people and
who's friends with these people which i
think that's the gay community in
general and that's why i've said like
i'm really interested in finding nerdy
friends yeah gay communities are small
but in big cities they're bigger they're
bigger but they're still you know
everybody knows everybody or has heard
of everybody kind of thing where that's
why i'm like yeah i want gay friends but
i want nerd friends yeah who don't know
my gay friends and that way i don't have
to worry about my gay friends finding
out what i say around my friends
when it comes to halifax and sort of
public socializing there isn't very far
you can get if you don't like live hubs
and live music which i can't do live
music i'm sorry and like i'm not that
interested in bars i don't drink so like
going and drinking a diet pepsi and the
halifax halifax is a very small city and
it's boring to look at the streets are
kind of interchangeable there aren't
really any like landmarks there are some
interesting there's like three streets
in halifax and everything else is
interchangeable yeah and so it's just a
very
small city and i've been sick and sick
of it for a while and the idea of like
being able to finally move with like a
solid kind of
um not a solid plan but a solid
determination from you and an ability
the ability to do that because we have
the patreon that that's it's lifted me
up a lot yeah
and that's one of the reasons why we're
going to be putting out a lot more
patreon exclusive content um the
you guys finally won the owl house video
is coming
um
there's gonna the the there's gonna be
this video the nostalgia video which
comes out this weekend and then there's
gonna be the patreon exclusive owl house
video
which
i
i'm i i haven't decided if it's gonna be
the 45 45-day exclusivity or just
exclusive yeah what do you guys think
comment down below start a poll start a
poll yeah should it be purely exclusive
the owl house video just for patrons or
should it be 45 days later i'll put it
on because on one hand i really like the
idea of like giving you folks something
that you can really just have yeah
that's just for patreon that you can
lord over all of the all of the plebians
um and get them the science
but at the same time like i love that
this community really wants uh the
content that we produce to be seen by a
more a larger audience so like i'm of
two minds about this so so am i that's
why like i i want to hear from you guys
um
and then after that we're gonna do the
attack on titan video which is going to
be controversial not going to be until
september though right because we want
to get we want to have the next month
and a half to really work on
patreon stuff uh that's not going to be
till september um but
um
like the l house video is going to come
before that
um but that one is going to be
controversial
because my opinions don't of attack on
titan don't line up with everyone
nick hasn't watched it yet so
when it comes to this we don't need to
make anything definitive we just need to
raise the questions
yeah that's kind of my approach to
writing these things is not to make any
definitive answers but just kind of go
over
a bunch of evidence for or against yeah
um
not even both sides in it but just kind
of allowing people to make oh god i am
both siding it let's let's teach both
and what the kids decide uh
i think i think
i don't know um
but yeah we're gonna do attack on titan
um
at some point in the fall we're also
going to do number six which i'm really
excited for
um
so we're
we actually are doing some more anime um
accidentally the attack on titan thing
is more i've become obsessed with it and
so i want to make a video about it and
it plays into the rise of fascism
fascism is pretty hot right now so and
people's failed media literacy
yeah that's what the video is about
talking about people and
media literacy because there's so we can
talk about things like cabaret
and fight club the boys the boys finally
talk about fight club yeah so there's
there's there's a lot going to be in
that video too uh just like this one
where american history x2 edward norton
has a habit of this kind of stuff
he likes complex characters that people
don't get yeah um because he's one of
them
um i mean he is kind of i have from her
details about that man that he is just
the biggest [ __ ] he's like isn't he
like just a massive diva apparently
which i'm sad because i find him really
attractive
in like a weird way i have never found
him a particularly
stunning actor to be honest not nearby
apparently like he gets all this credit
as being like you know next level like
character actor
and i just i watch his movies and i'm
just like yeah you're you're pulling
your weight you're like you're doing a
good job but you're acting against robin
williams or you're acting against brad
pitt or you're acting against robert
downey jr or you're acting against you
know picking up someone else and that's
the thing is like he toes the line like
i guess to his credit he kind of molds
into the role yeah but like
he doesn't seem to like
uh roles that kind of have a lot of
range
they're all they're all very different
he all has a very clear
sort of nuances in his acting but like
you don't
you don't see the acting yeah
so i mean like to his credit but at the
same time like you know i'm not
particularly drawn to him because he is
such a he kind of just he's not like
kristen bale who has a chameleon just he
acts like you know like yeah um i'm kind
of referencing his role in the big short
where it's just like whoa that that is
also christian bale
yeah and apparently like in thor he
disappears into gore the god butcher so
which is something that you personally
were worried about you were worried
about because i am a huge fan of that
storyline yeah the whole god bomb
storyline god butcher
well it goes from godbutcher to god bomb
um storyline in
thor which they didn't do god bomb which
in the movie which i'm
not super happy about because they
didn't have time because they also
wanted to do the mighty thor
yeah the jane foss thor which i i think
they should have not done that as they
should have teased her in this movie
but um
yeah so
super excited about moving super excited
for the stuff that's coming up um
by the end of the year we're also we're
going to have
i think a video of given out
two i think
i think uh did you want to do given
given was rough for me like that was
also kind of like on the triggering
media thing not even for the gay stuff
but for the um the mental health stuff
um
um we can talk about it like we still
have to do meetings and stuff like
yeah
um
but yeah we've got so much stuff in the
works and we've decided to
we've got videos and movies and we
decided to throw a move in the middle of
it all yeah um i mean like the move was
kind of inspired by a lot of things just
not jiving one of it being the movies
yeah like i really do want to get a
short film done in the meantime
especially something we can get off we
can do stylized we can do it quick and
we can do something interesting very few
people to show everyone who donated to
the indiegogo and who don't who has
donated to telos directly through the
telos website um that
you know we're not taking the money and
running we are doing stuff
we're just
literally in a place where we can't yeah
and so we have to reload okay and i
trust robin from what i've seen to hold
the one one-woman show like if this is
going to be a short film around her like
i trust her for that
um yeah and really for like the short
film i don't really want to focus and
this is kind of meeting stuff i wouldn't
really want to focus that much on plot
or specific like script but rather just
making a visual something visually
different more conceptual yeah yeah uh
well yeah that's meeting stuff we can
talk about that um not on the podcast
because we don't want to bore people
with business talk
um like we do on the
streams all the time hey the last stream
was the sex ed street it was
it did turn into a sex ed stream somehow
well we didn't have really a topic but
that could that that kind of fit the
the the sex topic we've been wanting to
do on the podcast for a while yeah
um
so yeah lots of stuff going on this is
another like kind of a topic more of a
life update video
our
podcast we talked about moving a little
bit
and
i i want to apologize about like missing
a podcast last week and having to
replace it with a stream uh getting the
podcast out late we've been we've been
struggling to get our footing back since
i got back from a vacation yeah and
we've been
very
neck deep in the stranger things video
i wanted to record this last night but
we were out in the woods and i was being
eaten alive by mosquitoes we literally
bled for this video yeah
um but like um i um
yeah the stranger things video
especially was not supposed to be an
hour and a half long
no it was just supposed to be like a 30
minute 30 to 40 minute video quickly get
it out there talk a little bit about
nostalgia but talk a little bit about
nostalgia and i'll like talk about you
know how
will not coming out in the 80s makes
sense we don't talk about that at all
yeah we don't talk about that at all in
fact i was working to james last night
this is the don't even mention robin
not my robin robin from the show
maya hawk um who every shot she's in and
i'm like that's uma [ __ ] thurman um
so cool um
and you know i'm so happy she's one of
the better actors in the show yeah like
she is and i'm
i'm
i know tarantino is cancelled but i
really want her to be in kill bill
volume three
as bb i just needs to happen
um
but yeah so i guess that's the end of
this episode uh i can't see the numbers
going up on the record so i don't know
we're at an hour an hour and four
minutes yeah i think that's a good
length for a podcast
hour and four minutes um
so yeah thank you guys so much for
listening um thank you for supporting us
yeah thank you so much friends and tell
your family you have you
like spread the link you guys know but
like spread a link to the patreon at the
next origin you go to
like you're going to bring the link to
fur cons like you guys know but at the
same time don't know how much i
appreciate you like i don't think i've
made it clear enough
um
so like also in the comments if there's
anything that like you would like to see
from the channel in particular by all
means let us know
um and like if it's something we're kind
of flying blind yeah like if it's
something we can do we'll do it but you
know like keep in mind that these are
suggestions not like you know like we'll
do what we can unless you are are in the
very top tier of the patrons which case
we have to do there's only one of you
and you get to tell us exactly what we
have to do
um but yeah thank you guys so much for
listening this has been the padre on
uh episode 11 i believe
um
so yeah thank you guys for listening and
we'll
talk to you again next week see ya watch
the video as soon as it comes out
algorithm
stunks stonks